[Excel] (copilot) Add tutorial for a skill plugin to Copilot in Excel (#5828)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-skills.md

*This article provides only supplementary guidance for creating skills that use Office.js to interact with an Excel workbook.*

> [!TIP]

> > Want to jump into coding? Try the tutorial [Create a Copilot skill for Excel that finds use the Office JavaScript Library (preview)](excel-copilot-skill.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Want to jump into coding? Try the tutorial [Create a Copilot skill for Excel that uses the Office JavaScript Library (preview)](excel-copilot-skill.md).
```
